textrank summary
(<Sentence: Papa, What is a Neural Network?At the back of my head, thoughts of me taking days to comprehend what a NN (short for Neural Network) is, how it would work, where it is used, how it is simulating our human brain’s inner workings were going through.>, <Sentence: “Neural Network is a collection (a network) of neurons whose job is to learn a new thing or a new place or a new process or a new concept.”>, <Sentence: After telling her the features of a lion, asked her “Can you draw these for me?” She happily drew almost a similar figure to that of a dog she drew before.>, <Sentence: When you see a new object, your brain will ask the neurons, ‘Hey, anybody experienced this before?’ The neurons will say, ‘Yes, I have seen this.’ Certain other neurons will say, ‘No, I have not seen this.’ The neurons that have seen this before, will group together and form logical connections from the past and gives us an object from our memory.>, <Sentence: The same principle is applied for a song that you hear, a cartoon that you watch, a rhyme that you sing, an animal that you draw, a food that you taste, a flower that you smell and so on.>)

gensim Summarizer
What I was actually doing here was teaching her neural network (brain) the features of a lion like exactly how Machine Learning Engineers would train the machine to learn new features.
After telling her the features of a lion, asked her “Can you draw these for me?” She happily drew almost a similar figure to that of a dog she drew before.I said, “Very good”.
The neurons grouped together with features like face, body, legs, tail and a beard forms a lion.
Once all the features are there, the neurons will send a signal that the picture you are looking at is a lion and not a dog.
Neural network is a group of neuron friends identifying lions and dogs.

suma Summarizer
One simple methodology: I thought of starting with an easy-to-follow definition.“Neural Network is a collection (a network) of neurons whose job is to learn a new thing or a new place or a new process or a new concept.”It would be stupid on my part to start with a definition of Neural Network like how we used to teach adults in college.
What I was actually doing here was teaching her neural network (brain) the features of a lion like exactly how Machine Learning Engineers would train the machine to learn new features.
After telling her the features of a lion, asked her “Can you draw these for me?” She happily drew almost a similar figure to that of a dog she drew before.I said, “Very good”.
A lion will have features like face, body, legs, tail and a beard.
For example, when I showed you a lion picture, your brain asked the neurons who had seen it before.
The neurons grouped together with features like face, body, legs, tail and a beard forms a lion.
Once all the features are there, the neurons will send a signal that the picture you are looking at is a lion and not a dog.
Ultimately, the neurons in your brain tell that it is a lion and not a dog.
When I ask you to draw a dog, what are the features there?Tanishi: Help me.
I don’t know.Me: Okay, when I ask you to draw a dog, what is the first thing you draw?Tanishi: Circle.Me: Good.
Do you understand what are the features now for a dog?Tanishi: Yes!!!Me: What are they?Tanishi: Face, body, legs and tailMe: Amazing baby.
If I ask you to draw a lion, what are the features?
Once the features are seen and a logical connection is established, neurons signals your brain that it is a lion.
All neurons work together like your friends and identify lion and dog.
Neural network is a group of neuron friends identifying lions and dogs.

Gensim was the best algorithm since it managed to summarize the article in a more concise format